I believe Secretary General Antonio gues
is just about to start to speak let's
have a
listen High Representatives present in
the security Council chamber your
presence in the room today underscores
the importance of the subject matter
under
discussion before each of you you should
have a list of speakers who requested to
participate in accordance with rules 37
and 39 of the council's provisional
rules of procedure as well as the
established practice of the council in
this area we propose that they may be
invited to participate in this meeting
are there any
objections I see
none the security Council will now begin
its consideration of item two on today's
agenda I now give the floor to the
Secretary General his Excellency Antonio
Gish you have the floor Secretary
General Mr President
excellencies over 100 days have passed
since more than 1,200 Israelis and
others were killed in the horrific
Terror attacks launched by Hamas against
Israel with over 250 people taken
hostage for all those affected these
have been 100 days of heartache and
anguish nothing can justify the
deliberate killing injuring kidnapping
of civilians the use of sexual violence
against system or the indiscriminate
launching of rockets toward civilian
targets I once again demand the
immediate and unconditional release of
all hostages in the interim they must be
treated humanely and allowed to receive
visits and assistance from the Red
Cross last week in davil I had another
moving meeting with families of hostages
and in this case even some former
hostages themselves since the beginning
I have maintained close contact with
katari and Egyptian authorities on the
efforts for their release and yesterday
I received from the Israeli Mission a
list of many of the remaining
hostages it was also reported yesterday
that Israel is proposing a two- Monon
pause in hostilities in exchange for a
phased release of all remaining
hostages I will continue in my limited
capacity to pursue all efforts to
contribute to their
release